[Music]
hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be showing you an updated school night
routine this video has been so highly
requested and I'm really excited to
share it with you this video is actually
sponsored by the great courses plus this
is a subscription that you can sign up
to you and then you get access to video
lectures and these are by university
professors there are individuals from
national geographic the Smithsonian and
basically you are able to watch these
lectures on demand you can either watch
them or you can listen to them since
being able to work with them and since
I've had access to these lectures I have
just loved it if you've been watching my
videos for a while you will know how
much I value productivity and being able
to listen to these lectures when you are
doing something else so you're able to
multitask and so you feel like you're
getting the most out of your time I will
be mentioning the great courses plus
again later in the video so without
further adieu I hope that you enjoy my
night routine
[Music]
so I usually get home from school at
about 4:30 and when I get in I like to
open up the window in my bedroom just to
get some fresh air because my room is
often quite stuffy when I got get home
from school and then I will just sit
down at my desk and do some general
school admin so I will reply to my
school emails and plan for meetings that
kind of thing because I usually have
quite a lot to do and I will do that
until about 5:00 so then at 5:00 I will
plan my study session and usually I will
use my pumpkin Productivity study
planner however today I decided to make
a mind map so today I actually decided
to try out a new method of planning my
evening study sessions which is doing an
hour for each of my a level subjects so
I start off with English and justed
while I finished this research on the
cool which I started in my study period
[Music]
and then I went to Nate dinner and I eat
dinner so early at about 5:30 I just
really like to eat early this evening
for dinner I just had some baked beans
potato waffles and falafel and then of
course I went to wash my hands which I
do before hunt as well by the way so
then we went and actually started my
hour-long time of English and I was just
writing some journeys and notes here
this isn't going to be a full study with
me so I don't film all of the studying
that I did this evening because it's a
night routine and not a study with me
but I decided to film some of it so then
here I was just writing some poetry
notes and then I decided to go through
my journeys and notes and then after
that I just added to my journeys and key
moments again which I had started
earlier and this is all of the studying
that I did for English that was an hour
of English work and I didn't film my
chemistry and RS because otherwise I
knew that this would just be such a long
video so I really tried my best to
finish studying from 9:00 to 9:30 this
evening I finished at 9:30 and once I am
finished I will just go through and tidy
my bedroom because it does get really
messy when I to study then I will head
downstairs and the reason that we have
this photo frame in front of the
staircase at the moment is because we've
recently got a new puppy and she keeps
on climbing up stairs this doesn't
happen every evening but today my mum
had baked a baked holds heart so I came
downstairs to have some of that with
some milk and of course I just have to
sort out the fridge whilst I'm down
there for kids things always get put
back in the wrong place
so then I was just reading my book as I
ate the delicious baked wills heart so
then one thing I like to do in the
evenings is make myself a mug of tea so
I am drinking this one from the match
Reserve again as you know this is my
favorite tea company this is the
sleeping beauty talks which they sent me
recently and which is so relaxing to
have before bed so I just filled that up
and then I will put it in my bedroom to
cool whilst I go and have my shower
depending on the time of day sometimes I
will exercise at this point but because
I finished work at 9:30 instead of nine
I didn't get time to do that so then I
will head to the bathroom and take out
my contact lenses and then I will go and
have a shower I'm just going to go
through and show you the products which
I use so I use the evader clove shampoo
the banana conditioner and this drops of
youth facial wash from the body shop
which basically you rub on your skin and
it exfoliates it and all of the dead
skin comes off you can't really see it
in the clip but it's really cool so when
I got up to the shower I decided to put
on a lecture from the great courses plus
in human life these gods the great
courses plus offers ten thousand
different video lectures and there are
so many to choose from from so many
different topics the one I was listening
to today was called beginnings of the
Canon and it's basically about how
Orthodox Christian scripture and the
Bible actually came about it's so
interesting especially as a religious
studies student so I was listening to
this on my phone but great courses plus
also offers the option of listening to
it on a tablet or on a laptop but I
usually use my phone
[Music]
so I was listening to this lecture
whilst doing my hair so I just put on
some face cream and then I brushed out
my hair I love listening to things
whilst I'm doing other things because it
just makes me feel more productive and
listening to lectures especially when
they are so informative feels like such
a great use of use of my time honestly
so I don't do this every evening but if
I do wash my hair I sometimes like to
braid my hair so I just put my hair into
two plans I like to do my Platts quite
tight because it means that my hair is
wavy in the morning
[Music]
so then I will turn off my lecture and
head to the bathroom so as to brush my
teeth and usually I will read my book at
this time but sometimes I will finish
listening to the lecture instead it just
depends on my mood so then when I get
back into my bedroom I will just reply
to a few YouTube comments and also some
general YouTube admin emails so then I
will finally get into bed and one thing
I like to try and do every evening is
watch the daily 8 passengers vlog
because it's just so uplifting and I
really love the videos so then every
night without fail I will spray my bed
with this white company pillow mist as I
said before it is my favourite toiletry
product of all time I can hardly get to
sleep without it
so then of course I will read and at the
moment I'm reading Aristotle and Dante
discover the secrets of the universe
which is amazing you have to read it if
you haven't already and then I will also
write in my journal I like to write to
my log every evening and I also try to
write in my two five-year journals so
thank you so much for watching I hope
that you enjoyed this video so there are
a few last things that I want to say
about the great courses plus so you can
visit the great courses plus comm slash
Granger and that will be linked down in
the description books if you want to go
and take a look at the website I do
honestly recommend the service I'm not
just saying that I can say that
truthfully otherwise I would not be
working with them and advertising them
in a video there is also the possibility
to have a free trial of the service if
you're not sure whether you will like it
if you're not sure whether you will use
it so I will leave a link to the free
trial as well down below if you want to
go and have a look
I have honestly been listening to them
so much I particularly like the ones on
the history of Christianity because
there are quite a few on the development
of Christian thought and since I study
religious studies I found it's actually
really helpful and I've actually been
able to apply it to essays as well but
it's great for learning about things you
don't get to learn about on school
specifications
it's about enriching your learning
outside of school outside of
specifications so all details will be
linked down below thank you again and
have a productive week